FlashDesk - could you try this and tell me how it went?

1. Open flashdesk.org and press the green Download button.

   The file itself comes from github.com - that is where it is stored, and it is
   normal. So do not worry if you see a github.com address while it downloads.

   About 70 MB, so it may take a minute or two. That is normal, it is not stuck.

2. Open the file you downloaded.

   Windows will show a blue box. This is the only warning, and I am expecting it:

       Windows protected your PC
       Microsoft Defender SmartScreen prevented an unrecognized app from
       starting. Running this app might put your PC at risk.
       More info
       [Don't run]

   There is NO way forward on that screen. The only button says "Don't run".

   Click the small grey words "More info". They are a link, not a button, and
   they are easy to miss. The box then grows and shows:

       App:       FlashDesk.exe
       Publisher: Unknown publisher
       [Run anyway]   [Don't run]

   Press "Run anyway", on the left.

   "Unknown publisher" does not mean the file is unsafe. It means nobody has paid
   to attach a verified name to it yet. If I had, that line would say my name
   instead, and it would be exactly the same file.

   >>> If I did not personally ask you to do this on the telephone, press
   >>> "Don't run" and stop here. Anyone who phoned you out of the blue and
   >>> talked you as far as a security warning is not helping you.

3. The program opens and shows a 9-digit number. Read it to me on the phone.

4. I will type it in. A window appears on your screen asking whether to let me
   connect, and showing my number. Check it is the number I just read you, then
   press Accept.

   The Accept button waits about three seconds the first time. That is on purpose.
   The window closes itself after 30 seconds if nothing is pressed - that is a
   safety feature, not a fault. If it closes, just tell me and I will try again.

5. What it looks like when it is working:

   - An orange band sits across the top of the FlashDesk window the whole time I
     am connected. If that band is there, I can see your screen.
   - Your mouse pointer may move on its own, and things may open and close
     without you touching anything. That is me. It is meant to happen.
   - There is a "Stop sharing" button. Press it at any moment and I am gone at
     once - you do not have to ask me first.

Never give that 9-digit number to anyone else - only to someone you telephoned
yourself.

Nothing is installed. Close the window and the program is completely gone.

Afterwards, four questions:

   1. From opening the file to seeing the number - a few seconds, about a minute,
      or longer?
   2. Did anything appear on screen that I have not described above?
   3. Did the picture ever freeze or go jerky? Roughly how long?
   4. Was it always obvious to you that I was connected?

And one thing that would help me a lot: on your computer there is a file at

   C:\Users\<your name>\AppData\Roaming\FlashDesk\sessions.txt

If you can find it and send it to me, it tells me how well the connection worked
without you having to describe anything. It contains no personal information -
only times, my number, the size of your screen, and how fast the picture was.
